In the Middle East, ALEP's SAVON is as famous as Marseille soap in France.
The oral tradition is that by cleaning with ashes his pot covered with fat, a woman would have obtained a material that would be the origin of the soap.
The Romans and the Gauls also had their soap.
The recipe is simple: you need olive oil, caustic soda, water and perfume.
Soap production has grown thanks to the widespread cultivation of olive trees and the presence of a plant, salsola kali, which grows in the Syrian desert.
Salsola Kali, the plant of the steppe, was reduced to ashes by the Bedouins who transported it to the soap shops.
But irregular production favoured its replacement with caustic soda. Perfumes, such as bay oil or styrax essence, are added according to demand.
Saponification: it is the process of transforming a fat material into soap.
The caustic soda, mixed with water, is poured onto the olive oil previously heated in a cooking tank.
A worker, using a large shovel, stirs this mixture which will cook for several hours at 80 °C; the soap is in production.
At the end of cooking, the dough is watered with pure water to cause impurities to the bottom of the tank.
Then start the stretch.
Drawn with a bucket, the dough is spread over a flat surface and then equalized with a spatula.
After several hours of drying, the surface is gridded.
Each square is marked and then cut with a thread to cut the butter.
Finally comes the drying; the soap cubes are transported in a dry and aerated place where they are piled in towers of 650 cubes.
After 40 days, the towers are disassembled and then climbed with care to turn the cubes to dry the other faces.
15 days later, the towers are reassembled and the soaps transported to a warehouse.
Covered with a jute canvas, they continue to dry.
The more dry a soap is, the more precious it is.
At the time of sale, a worker equalizes the faces before packing them in 30 kg jute bags.
The waste, recovered by housewives for laundry, is the source of the powdered soap.
When cutting, four cubes of soap weigh one kilo.
At the time of sale, it takes 6 for the same weight.
