We still don't know much about those mysterious holes in space.
Their existence has been proven only since the 20th century, but already in the 18th century, John Michell and Pierre-Simon Laplace had hypothesized that such "objects" could exist.
A black hole is found in space, and attracts everything to its passage, like an ultra-powerful giant vacuum cleaner. It is so powerful that it even sucks light.
A black hole comes from the death of a star with a large mass.
When a rather massive star arrives at the end of life, it will tend to attract itself, as if the Earth were attracted to its own nucleus.
It is the same principle as gravity that attracts us to Earth, but to incredibly higher powers.
The star will resist for a while by burning a gas – hydrogen – then, when it no longer has hydrogen to resist the attraction, its core will suck it and it will form a black hole. The black hole draws everything on its passage, even light and other black holes to form an even larger hole.
Scientists have different techniques to detect them.
First technique: a star is always the center of a solar system; all planets revolve around a star.
When a star dies and becomes a black hole, the planets around it continue to revolve around it.
If we observe planets circling around "nothing", we deduce that there is a black hole.
Second technique: the black hole attracts everything to its passage.
The dust that it attracts rotates so fast that it emits detectable rays from certain telescopes.
Third technique: astronomers can, by scholarly calculations, calculate the mass of a part of space.
If they detect an area of totally black space, and with a higher mass than elsewhere, they are therefore in the presence of a black hole.
In theory, it would be possible for a black hole to have an exit, placed extremely far away, that would reject everything that the black hole absorbs (rock, dust, and even light!).
The exit would be called a white hole because of the light he would throw away.
All this system consisting of a black hole, a white hole, and a corridor between the two is called worm hole, or a bridge of Einstein-Rosen, by the names of the scientists who have made the hypothesis of its existence.
