We still don't know much about these amazing holes in space.
Their existence has been proven only since the 20th century. Yet in the 18th century, John Michell and Pierre-Simon Laplace had made the hypothesis of their existence. A black hole in space attracts everything on its way, like an ultra-powerful giant vacuum cleaner. It is so powerful that it even aspires to light.
A black hole is created after the death of a star with a large mass.
When a big star arrives at the end of its life, it will draw itself on itself, as if the Earth were attracted to its own nucleus.
It is the same principle as gravity that draws us to Earth, but with enormous powers.
The star will resist for a while by burning a gas called hydrogen. When it no longer has hydrogen to burn to fight against the attraction, it will be sucked by its nucleus. It will form a black hole.
The black hole attracts everything to its passage, even light and other black holes, to form an even larger hole.
Scientists have different techniques to find them.
First technique: in a system, all planets revolve around a star that is the center of it.
When a star dies and becomes a black hole, the planets around it continue to revolve around it.
If we look at planets turning around "nothing", we know there is a black hole.
Second technique: the black hole attracts everything to its passage.
The dust that it attracts rotates so fast that some telescopes detect their rays.
Third technique: astronomers can calculate the mass of a part of space.
If they detect a higher mass than elsewhere for an area of totally black space, astronomers then know that it is a black hole.
In theory, a black hole could have an exit, placed very far away. It would reject everything that the black hole absorbs (rock, dust, and even light!).
The exit would be called a white hole because of the rejected light.
All this system consisting of a black hole, a white hole, and a corridor between the two is called worm hole, or a bridge of Einstein-Rosen, by the names of the scientists who have made the hypothesis of its existence.
