Thousands of years ago, the forest was green in all seasons.
This surprises you, of course.
But think about it... isn't the tree always green?
At that time, all the oaks, the ash trees, the charms, the chestnut trees, and finally all the trees in the forest kept their foliage in autumn.
If they are now deviating, it is because they have decided this freely.
No one's taught you the thing yet? Oh!... Then read this story.
That morning, the inhabitants of the forest were appalled.
Trees, fungi, shrubs and animals were moaning.
The sorry trunks were cracking, the birds were silent, the stream was flowing in silence, even the wild boars were tears in their eyes.
During the winter, death had travelled through the forest, which had lost many of its charming children: flowers.
Thousands of flowers, millions of flowers, had remained under the ground, killed by frost.
Everyone was crying at the funeral of the pretty dead.
The families Anemone, Jacinthe, Jonquille, Pervenche, Violette were in mourning.
Their few buttons, swollen with sorrow, leaned to the moss that comforted them by caressing their heads.
Yes, really, this spring and summer were very sad.
From here, there, rare flowers were slowly healing from the cold of winter.
Others, many, still died as a result of their illness.
Troops of wild boar galloped around the forest to keep the pickers away from bouquets.
The wind was responsible for dispersing the precious seeds provided by the orphans Anemone, Jacinthe, Jonquille, Pervenche, Violette and Muguet.
Fear, great fear had settled in the woods.
If the next winter was rough, it was over: the forest would never have flowers again.
The wisest old men, an oak, a beech and a birch, having three of them more than five hundred years, spoke at length.
- The only solution, they decided, is to protect the flowers during the winter with a warm blanket.
We have to save the florets, cover them with our leaves.
Only the fir trees and pine trees, as sharp as the needles, refused.
Everyone else said yes.
All were very cold during the frosts without their foliage.
But they thought of the flowers and it warmed their hearts.
And since then, every fall, the trees lose their leaves.
