A long time ago, the forest was green in all seasons.
That surprises you.
Yet, think... isn't the tree always green?
At that time, all the oaks, the ash trees, the charms, the chestnut trees, and finally all the trees in the forest kept their leaves in autumn.
If they lose their leaves now, it is because they have decided so freely.
Nobody told you that? Oh!... Then read this story.
That morning, the inhabitants of the forest were grieved.
Trees, mushrooms, shrubs and animals wept.
The trunks were cracking, the birds were silent, the stream was flowing in silence, even the wild boars were tears in their eyes.
During the winter, death had travelled through the forest. The forest had lost many children: flowers.
Thousands of flowers, millions of flowers, had remained under the ground, killed by frost.
Everyone was crying at the funeral of the dead.
The Anemone, Jacinthe, Jonquille, Pervenche, Violette families were in pain.
Their few buttons, filled with sorrow, were wailing to the moss.
She comforted them by caressing their heads. This spring and summer were sad.
In places, rare flowers were getting better.
Others, many, died a little later from their illness.
Boars ran around the forest to keep the bunch pickers away.
The wind dispersed the rare seeds provided by the orphans: Anemone, Jacinthe, Jonquille, Pervenche, Violette and Muguet.
Fear, great fear had been put in place in the woods.
The forest would never have flowers again if the next winter was harsh.
The wisest old men, an oak, a beech and a birch, having together more than 500 years, spoke for a long time.
- The only solution, they decided, is to protect the flowers during the winter with a warm blanket.
We have to save the flowers, cover them with our leaves.
Only the fir trees and the pine trees, with a character as pungent as their needles, said no.
Everyone else said yes.
All were cold during the frosts without their foliage.
But they thought of the flowers and it was warm in their hearts.
And since then, every fall, the trees lose their leaves.
