Once upon a time, five Chinese brothers were like five drops of water.
The brothers lived with their mother not far from the beach.
The first of the Chinese brothers could swallow the sea.
The second of the Chinese brothers had an iron neck.
The third of the Chinese brothers had very long legs.
The fourth of the Chinese brothers could not be burned.
And the fifth of the Chinese brothers could hold his endless breath.
Every morning, the first of the Chinese brothers went fishing.
At all times, he brought a lot of fish back to the village, selling them cheaply at the market.
One day, when he returned from the market, he met a little boy who asked him to take him fishing.
- It's impossible, says the first of the Chinese brothers.
But the little boy asked so much that the fisherman ended up saying yes.
- On one condition, he says, you will obey me very quickly on everything.
- Yes, yes, promised the boy.
The first of the Chinese brothers and the little boy left at the beach very early the next day.
Don't forget to obey me very quickly on everything, says the fisherman.
- Yes, yes, promised the boy.
Then the first of the Chinese brothers swallowed the sea.
The fish remained without water and the sea showed its treasures.
The little boy was delighted, he ran all over the bottom of the sea. He put in his pockets strange shells, superb algae and curious pebbles.
Holding the sea in his mouth, the first of the Chinese brothers took the fish near the edge.
Soon he felt tired. It is very difficult to restrain the sea!
So he signaled to the little boy to come back, but the little boy did nothing.
The first of the Chinese brothers waved his arms to say, "Come back!"
The little boy made fun of it!
The first of the Chinese brothers felt that the sea was coming out of him. He made crazy gestures to call the boy.
But the boy made grimaces and escaped.
The first of the Chinese brothers kept the sea so long in his mouth that he thought he would burst.
But suddenly the sea went out, returned to its place... and the little boy disappeared.
