There was once a great-duke who loved new clothes so much that he spent all his money on his toilet.
When he reviewed his soldiers, when he went to the show or to the promenade, he had no other purpose than to show off his new clothes.
At every hour of the day, he changed his clothes, and as one king says, "He is on the council," they said of him, "The great duke is in his wardrobe."
The capital was a cheerful city, thanks to the number of strangers passing by; but one day there were also two crooks who gave themselves to weavers and declared that they knew how to weave the most beautiful fabric in the world.
Not only were the colours and the drawing extraordinarily beautiful, but the clothes made with this fabric had a wonderful quality: they became invisible to anyone who did not know how to work well or who had the mind too limited.
"These are impeccable garments," thought the great duke; "thanks to them, I will be able to know the men incapable of my government: I will know how to distinguish the skilful from the niais. Yes, this fabric is indispensable."
Then he advanced a large sum to the two fripons so that they could immediately begin their work.
They set up two trades, and pretended to work, although there was absolutely nothing on the reels.
They constantly asked for fine silk and magnificent gold; but they put all this in their bag, working until the middle of the night with empty trades.
"However, I have to know where they are," said the Grand Duke.
But he felt his heart tight when he thought that people who were naughty or unable to perform their duties could not see the fabric. It was not that he doubted himself; however, he thought it appropriate to send someone to examine the work before him. All the inhabitants of the city knew the wonderful quality of the fabric, and all were burning impatiently to know how limited or incapable their neighbour was.
"I will send to the weavers my good old minister," thought the great duke, "it is he who can judge the fabric best; he is distinguished by his mind as well as by his abilities."
The honest old minister entered the hall where the two impostors worked with empty trades.
"Good God!" he thought, opening great eyes, "I can't see anything." But he didn't say a word about it.
