Peter lived poorly in an old house with his father, mother, five brothers and five sisters.
In this house, there was a small kitchen with an old stove that was smoking and old pots.
That's where Peter was most often, because he loved cooking.
He knew how to prepare delicious dishes with simple things: he could turn potatoes into cakes, pears into syrup, carrots into pink mashed potatoes...
With Pierre, every meal became a party.
One year, however, the winter was very long. Peter found only old bread crumbs to put in his pans and his whole family was hungry.
One morning, Peter said to his father:
I'm gonna go to town to get some work, and with the money I'll earn, I'll be able to buy some food.
On that day, a messenger from the king arrived in the village of Peter.
He hits a drum and says:
The king of this country, His Most Gourmet Majesty, has decided to change his cook. The one who will make the most delicious of the dishes will be named Grand Chef of the King's Cuisines.
When Peter's father heard this, he exclaimed:
- Peter, here's a chance for you! Take off your apron, leave your ugly pots and make the king taste a recipe you have the secret.
Pierre replied with a smile:
- Alas, you don't become king's cook by making him eat hard bread!
But Peter's mother insists:
Come on, little cook, you know how to make dessert with a stream of air. I'm sure you can win this contest!
Then Peter set out on his way. He wondered what recipe he could prepare for the king, for he had nothing in his hands or in his pockets.
But as he feels the spring coming, he starts singing:
- I have nothing for my king, no sugar or chocolate, not even half a pea!
Soon Peter arrives in front of a farm. An old man comes to meet him shouting:
Help, my cow fell into the pond!
The poor cow tries to get out of the water, but every time she approaches the edge of the pond, she slips into the mud and slips!
Pierre takes a solid rope. He fastens it to the cow's horns and pulls on the rope with all his strength. Oh rise! Oh rise! The cow pulls out both front legs. One more effort!
Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
The old man is very happy and, to thank Peter, he gives him a jar of fresh milk.
