Standing in front of the wolf's enclosure, the boy doesn't move.
The wolf goes and comes. It walks long and wide and never stops.
"I hate this one... "
That's what the wolf thinks. It's been two hours since the boy was there, standing in front of this fence, still like a frozen tree, watching the wolf walk.
"What does he want from me?" That's the wolf's question.
That boy intrigue him.
He doesn't worry (the wolf is afraid of nothing), he intrigues him. "What does he want from me?"
The other children run, jump, scream, cry, pull their tongues to the wolf and hide their heads in their mothers' skirts.
Then they'll make the clowns in front of the gorilla's cage and roar at the lion's nose, whose tail sniffs the air.
That boy, no.
He remains standing, still, silent. Only his eyes move. They follow the wolf's way in and out, along the grill. "Never saw a wolf or what?"
The wolf only sees the boy once in two.
He's got only one eye, the wolf. He lost the other in his battle against men ten years ago on the day of his capture.
So to go (if you can call it the go), the wolf sees the whole zoo, its cages, the children who do the crazy and, in the midst of them, that boy, quite still.
When we return (if we can call it the return), the wolf sees the inside of his enclosure.
Its empty enclosure, because the moat died last week.
Its sad enclosure, with its only grey rock and its dead tree.
Then the wolf turns around, and here again this boy, with his regular breathing, makes white steam in the cold air.
" He will get tired before me, " the wolf thinks, continuing to walk.
And he adds, "I'm more patient than he is."
And he adds, "I am the wolf."
But the next morning, when the wolf wakes up, the first thing the wolf sees is this boy standing in front of his enclosure, right in the same place.
The wolf almost jumped.
"He didn't spend the night here, anyway!"
He checked himself in time, and he took his way back as if nothing was happening.
The wolf has been working for an hour now.
An hour before the boy's eyes follow him.
