She was an old, very old witch.
She lived in a house at the bottom of the woods, near the source of the three rocks.
One day, a young man passed his window.
He was beautiful.
More beautiful than the princes of fairy tales, and much more beautiful than the cowboys of television commercials.
The old witch was moved, first, then troubled, and finally in love.
More in love than she'd ever been.
Of course, it did not close the eye of the night.
She flicked all kinds of old grimoires filled with magic formulas, ran the woods in search of mysterious ingredients, she cut, hacha, mixa, mixa, pesa, added, stirred, tasted...
And in the early morning, she bottled a full cauldron of elixir to rejuvenate.
In the early afternoon, she swallowed a bottle of elixir.
As it was very bitter, it proceeded as follows: a glass of elixir, a square of chocolate, a glass of elixir, a strawberry candy. And so on.
After the last drink, she became young and pretty again.
So pretty she could have made a career in the movies, or become a teacher.
With two spider cloths, a little powder of toad and a magic formula cut out in the witch fashion journal, she made a wonderful neckline dress, garnished with laces.
In her garden, she picked a white rose, soaked it in a philter of love and pinned it at her bosage.
Then she sat on a bench, in front of the door, and waited.
She did not wait long. On the way, the handsome young man appeared, dressed in a rich suit embroidered with gold, a white flower with a buttonhole.
The young man greeted the witch, the conversation began and, as the witch was in a hurry, after a quarter of an hour, the young man became crazy in love.
Five minutes later, they exchanged their first kiss.
Then suddenly, the witch rose up and said very quickly: - See you tomorrow, my beautiful love!
And she locked herself in her house twice.
It's about time!
A few seconds later, the beautiful girl had again become an old, very old witch: the elixir had stopped acting.
And so it was every day.
A bottle of elixir to rejuvenate, words of love whispered, some kisses exchanged, and quickly, very quickly, goodbyes in a hurry.
The handsome young man never complained.
He said with a smile, "Good-bye, my beautiful!" and he left without even turning around.
