She was a very old witch.
She lived in a small house in the woods, near the source of the three rocks.
One day, a young man passed his window.
He was beautiful.
More beautiful than the princes of the tales and than the cowboys of the commercials.
The old witch was moved, then troubled, and in love.
More in love than ever.
So she didn't sleep all night.
She read all kinds of old books filled with magic formulas. She ran the woods in search of secret ingredients, she cut, hacha, mixa, mixa, pesa, added, stirred, tasted...
In the morning, she put on a large elixir cauldron to rejuvenate in bottles.
In the afternoon, she swallowed a bottle of elixir.
As it was very bitter, it was like this: a glass of elixir, a square of chocolate, a glass of elixir, a strawberry candy. And so on.
After the last drink, she became young and pretty again.
So pretty she could have made a career in the movies, or become a mistress.
With 2 spider cloths, toad powder and a magic formula cut out in the witch fashion journal, she created a superb neckline dress, with lace.
In her garden, she picked a white rose, soaked it in a philter of love and clinged it to her dress.
Then she sat on a bench, in front of the door, and waited.
Shortly afterwards, on the way, the handsome young man arrived, dressed in a rich suit embroidered with gold, a white flower with his jacket.
He greeted the witch, the dialogue began. As the witch was in a hurry, the young man was very quickly in love.
Five minutes later, they gave themselves their first kiss.
Suddenly, the witch rose and said: - See you tomorrow, my beautiful love!
And she locked herself in her house.
It's about time!
A few seconds later, the beautiful girl had become a very old witch again: the elixir had finished acting.
And so it was every day.
A bottle of elixir to rejuvenate, whispered words of love, some kisses exchanged, and very quickly, quick departures.
The handsome young man never complained.
He said with a smile, "Good-bye, my beautiful!" and he left without even turning around.
