In the kitchen with blackened beams, we could only hear the tick of the swing clock.
Ludovic, the chin in his hands, looked with passionate interest at Uncle Alexander preparing his chopsticks.
The uncle had told him, when he rolled up his gray mustaches:
- Tomorrow, I'm going to the village to look for the location of a well and, if you want, I'll take you!
Uncle Alexander was a sorcerer, he had the gift of guessing where the groundwater was.
It was a precious gift, in this country of limestone, where the sources were rare.
They went through the woods.
Suddenly, Uncle Alexander stopped, unloaded himself from his backpack, and pulled a forked bag from it.
- Here, boy, he says by tending it to Ludovic, I know he's passing through an underground river here.
Try to find her!
- But I won't know, says Ludovic, putting his hands behind his back.
Uncle smiles in his mustache:
- Try it anyway, we'll see if you have the gift.
Ludovic decided, took the forked wand in his hands.
- Not like that, says Uncle; you hold the two small branches above, and the big branch in front of you. Now... now, you move, slowly, gently...
Ludovic advanced, attentive, when suddenly he felt the wand stir in his hands and saw the end of the branch shake.
Look, it's working!
The uncle passed behind him, and suddenly he put his hands on his upper arms.
Ludovic immediately felt a violent tremor; he felt that a power was passing through him. The rod jumped into the air and escaped from his hands.
- Oh, here... I was scared!
He looked at her on the ground, as he would have looked at a dangerous beast.
The uncle explained:
- See, I think you're a little gifted, but we'd have to work on this.
They reached the village and the farm where they were expected.
Uncle Alexander went to work.
Under the watchful gaze of others, he went through the field at length, with his forked rod held in front of him.
At some point, she moved.
This way, it's too deep!" he said.
Finally, further away, just at the edge of the woods, it was agitated.
The Seeker reflected, made mysterious calculations.
When we dig here, we must be able to find the water at 3.30m or 3.50m.
Later, on the way back, in the golden light of the sunset, Ludovic put his hand in his uncle's and asked him to teach him to become a Seeker.
Ludovic was happy because finding the water hidden underground seemed to him the most wonderful of the trades.
