At that time, the devils, young or old, had the habit, to distract themselves, of coming to spend their time among men.
One day, a little devil (he could not yet read or write) came to find, in order to torment him, a poor peasant who worked his land.
"What are you doing here, peasant?"
"As you can see, I plow my field...
"I see," replied the devil. "Unfortunately, this field is not yours!"
In ancient times, the young devil continued, this whole country was given to us, to us devils.
However, I have little taste in working the land and I agree to leave you the field.
But on one condition: we will share the profit.
"I will," replied the plowman, a little scared.
"We will make two lots: one will be what will grow in the earth, the other will grow on it. The choice belongs to me," said the devil, "for I am a noble race and you are only a peasant. I choose what will be on the ground, you will have the upper hand. In what time will the gathering be?
"In mid-July," replied the plowman.
"In the meantime," said the devil, "work, peasant, work: it's your job!
In mid-July, the devil, escorted by a band of small diablotins, was correct and found himself in front of a beautiful field of wheat.
Immediately, the peasant began to reap and bind beautiful sheaves, while the devils painfully ripped off the roots.
On the day of the market, the peasant sold his wheat and straw very well, while the devils did not pull a lizard out of their heaps of thatch.
"You have deceived me," cried the devil. "But next year it will not be the same." What do you intend to sow?
"I think I'm sowing raves," said the peasant.
"Okay," decided the devil, "sow your raves." This year, I take what will be on earth, you will have the underside. In the meantime, work, peasant, work: it is your job!
Soon came the time of gathering.
The little devil and his company of diablotins began to cut the leaves.
Meanwhile, the peasant piled up the beautiful raves in bulk.
At the market, the peasant sold them easily, while the devil gathered nothing but mockery for his faded leaves.
He was so upset that he was never seen again in the country.
