The raven, on the top of a dead tree, was looking at the dark building in front of him.
In Brunoît, the fallen king, in Nevé, his wife, and in Mara, their daughter... three innocent people condemned to live here, in Castelbrune, forever.
In a moment, he would definitely upset the existence of one of them.
The bird knew their terrible story by heart, it had been told to him many times.
It all started 14 years earlier, while at the palace the king, passionate about the study of medicinal plants, consulted a grimoire in his laboratory.
Nour, his older sister, had come up, panicked:
"Come quickly, Angus is burning with fever and cannot rise."
Nour, a widow for a long time, cherished his son at the highest point, constantly dreading that he would be unhappy.
The king had returned to the bedside of Angus, on which his devoted preceptor was guarded.
He had examined it before saying with a smile:
– It's just a bad flu. I'm going to prepare a cure that will bring down its temperature.
Shortly afterwards, the patient had swallowed the smelling herbal tea concocted by Brunoît with a trait.
Unfortunately, he had immediately been taken from violent convulsions and, in just a few minutes, under the helpless eyes of adults, he had lost his life.
That same evening, the court doctor delivered his findings:
– Angus was suffering from a simple flu, but this is not the cause of death...
Then he coughed, uncomfortable, before he resumed:
– It succumbed to the simultaneous absorption of its herbal tea and a toxic substance, probably cyanide.
From there to accuse the king of murder, there was only one step that the mother of Angus had taken in rushing over her brother.
- The tea... the cyanide... you're the one who killed! You're... you're a monster!
The king, astonished, protested with vigour:
"How can you imagine such a thing? You have to keep it right, you know that for nothing in the world I would not have hurt Angus."
But Nour's fury, convinced of being in the presence of the culprit, was in no way soothed.
