All the beasts of the bush came together, saying that they were going to make a big box because of the rain.
But the hare refused to come, saying that he was sick, every time we sent for him.
However, the box was finished and three days later the rain began to fall.
The hare ran to the great gallop to take refuge there, but the other animals chased him out, indignant.
So the hare remained outside, exposed to rain, and the sun returned, and all the animals dispersed into the bush to go and get their food.
The hare, for its part, obtained a very large flute.
Five days later, the rain began to fall.
The hare came running and entered the first box with its instrument.
He looked for a place where he hid well. However, the other animals entered in their turn.
When they were all there, the hare began to play the flute violently, which terrified the animals so much that they fled by crashing.
Outside, however, they eventually stopped and we asked, "What was in the box? I don't know, I don't know," the animals replied.
The elephant then ordered the oulard (bird with long legs, a long neck and a short beak, who lives in Africa) to go and see what was there.
When the seamstress arrived, the hare began to play the flute with fury and the seamstress, saving himself, went and said that the dreadful thing was always in the box.
The elephant then had the idea of sending the cat who, walking without noise, could arrive at the hut without giving the alarm and would carefully see what was in it.
The cat hid at the edge of the door and heard the noise again, the hare blowing endlessly in his flute. "There is no way to get in," said the cat. "The dreadful thing always makes noise."
The elephant then sent the hyena.
As she approached the box, she heard noise and escaped without even going to the door:
"I went into the box," she said, "and the thing wanted to give me a shot. I ran away, she chased me but couldn't catch me. Anyway, I'm healthy and safe and here I am.
"If this is the case," said the elephant, "you have to give up the box, so let's not go."
On that day, the animals abandoned the box to the great benefit of the hare, which made it its ordinary place of refuge for the rainy days.
