On the square of a village in southern India, there was a prodigious tree.
Don't imagine a tree a hundred meters high.
This tree has only two branches... two beautiful carpentry branches, like two open arms, like an invitation to life.
At the foot of the tree there are offerings of all kinds: garlands of flowers, sweets, unusual objects... in thanks for all the wishes granted.
On these two branches, the tree produces sublime fruits, big as papayas, golden as mangoes, juicy as pineapples.
One branch gives life, the other gives death.
Right or left?
Now, the villagers have forgotten for a long time on which side are the good fruits and on which side are the poisoned fruits...
That year, a very dry spring, followed by a hot summer dry the earth.
The region is affected by drought.
Drought is associated with famine.
The villagers are hungry.
Only the tree, on the village square, remains imperturbable like a patriarch, always with as much fruit on both branches as stars in the sky.
They have increased their prayers and offerings.
No one dares to lose their lives by choosing a fruit on one of the two branches.
Yet, a young man will take the risk, brave and heroic, to help his friends through this difficult time.
The whole village is gathered in a circle around it.
It's heading towards the tree, towards the branch to the right.
He chooses a fruit, closes his eyes, door to his mouth.
The fruit is delicious.
Immediately the villagers rush to the tree and throat themselves with these sublime fruits which, as by miracle, immediately repulse, as soon as they are picked.
Then they start looking at the left branch with a defiant air, an air of provocation.
They end up thinking that this branch is harmful... we have to get rid of it.
The decision shall be taken unanimously.
The villagers saw the branch of the trunk with revengeful joy.
The tree, amputated with one of its branches, offers only shrivelled leaves to the morning sun.
The birds are running away from him.
The bark dries.
The tree is dead.
