Julien Forenmatte prepared his things.
He thought it would be a good time to get back to school tomorrow.
He cut his pencils, filled his pen with purple ink and stored his new notebooks with the utmost care in his brown bag.
He was ready for the big day.
Then he woke up and went to bed.
And since it was necessary to be fit for the first day of school, he fell asleep immediately...
In his room, Thomas Bondernier looked with sadness at the calendar.
He sighed.
Tomorrow's the beginning of the new year.
He took his brown bag lying under the bed.
There he caught a paper plane, an electronic game, a bag of balls and a large pack of candy.
It will also store two or three old pencils and a few sheets of fried paper.
He was ready for the sinister day.
Then he fell on his bed and fell asleep immediately...
On the way to school, Julien Forenmatte was walking with a good step.
Thomas Bondernier popped up at the corner of the street and shook him.
Patatras! Both found themselves on the floor while the bags slipped on the sidewalk...
Everyone left, rubbing his butt... and taking the bag from each other!
- Take out your notebooks, says Mrs. Guillemette.
Julien searched the bag and pulled out a bag of marbles!
- Take your pen...
Julien sought, sought... and found only a pink candy!
When Madame Guillemette asked to draw her best holiday souvenir, Julien became all red.
What was he going to find in his briefcase in place of the coloured pencils?
Scratch hair?
Paper casseroles?
He plunged his hand there holding his breath.
There came out a wake-up that began to ring, to ring all the time...
The whole class was watching him.
Mrs. Guillemette was making the big eyes.
And that awakening that didn't want to stop ringing...
Sitting on his bed, Julien rubbed his eyes and stopped the awakening.
At the foot of his bed was the briefcase.
He opened it: the pencils and notebooks were wisely tidyed.
A little reassured, he got up on his first day of class.
Arriving in the school yard, he looked for Thomas Bondernier.
But he didn't see anyone who looked like him...
Normal: a student like that exists only in dreams, right?
