Julien Forenmatte prepared his things.
He thought it would be a good time to get back to school tomorrow.
He cut his pencils, filled his pen with purple ink, and carefully stored his new notebooks in his brown bag.
He was ready for the big day.
Then he set his alarm clock and went to bed.
You had to be in shape for the first day of school, so he fell asleep immediately...
In his room, Thomas Bondernier looked with sadness at the calendar.
He blew.
Tomorrow's the beginning of the year.
He took his brown bag thrown under the bed.
He put in bulk in his briefcase: a paper plane, an electronic game, a bag of balls and a large pack of candy.
He also put 2 or 3 old pencils and a few sheets of paper.
He was ready for the sad day.
Then he fell on his bed and fell asleep immediately...
On the way to school, Julien Forenmatte was walking with a good step.
Thomas Bondernier came to the corner of the street and pushed him.
Patatras! Both of them found themselves on the floor while the briefcases fell on the sidewalk...
Everyone left, rubbing his butt... and taking the bag from each other!
- Take out your notebooks, says Mrs. Guillemette.
Julien searched the bag and pulled out a bag of marbles!
- Take your pen...
Julien sought, sought... and found only a pink candy!
When Madame Guillemette asked to draw a good holiday souvenir, Julien became all red.
What was he going to find in his briefcase in place of the coloured pencils?
Scratch hair?
Paper casseroles?
He put his hand in his bag holding his breath.
There came out an awakening that began to ring, to ring without stopping...
The whole class was watching Julien Forenmatte.
Mrs. Guillemette was making the big eyes.
And that awakening that didn't want to stop ringing...
Sitting on his bed, Julien rubbed his eyes and stopped the awakening.
At the foot of his bed was the briefcase.
He opened it: the pencils and notebooks were well tidy.
A little calmed, he got up on his first day of class.
Arriving in the school yard, he looked for Thomas Bondernier.
But he didn't see anyone who looked like him...
Normal: a student like that exists only in dreams, right?
