There were once five Chinese brothers who looked like five drops of water.
They lived with their mother in a house not far from the beach.
The Elder of the Chinese brothers could swallow the sea.
The second of the Chinese brothers had an iron neck.
The third of the Chinese brothers had legs lying down... lying down...
The fourth of the Chinese brothers could not be burned.
And the fifth of the Chinese brothers could hold his breath... indefinitely.
Every morning the Elder of the Chinese brothers went fishing.
Whatever the weather, he always brought back to the village many beautiful and rare fish that he sold cheaply to the market.
One day, as he came back from the market, he met a little boy who asked him to take him fishing with him.
- It's impossible, says the Elder of the Chinese brothers.
But the little boy begged him so much that he eventually consented.
- On one condition, he says, you will obey me in everything and immediately.
- Yes, yes, the little boy promised it.
The next morning early, the Elder of the Chinese brothers and the little boy went to the beach.
"Don't forget to obey me in all things and immediately," said the Elder of the Chinese brothers, "come back as soon as I sign you back.
- Yes, yes, the little boy promised it.
Then the Elder of the Chinese brothers swallowed the sea.
The fish were dry and the sea discovered its treasures.
The little boy was delighted, he was running from there, on the bottom of the sea, filling his pockets with strange shells, fantastic seaweeds and strange pebbles.
While holding the sea in his mouth, the Elder of the Chinese brothers harvested fish near the edge.
Soon he felt tired. It is very difficult to restrain the sea!
So he signaled to the little boy to come back very quickly, but the little boy acted as if nothing was happening.
The Elder of the Chinese brothers waved his arms as if to say, "Come back!"
It was the little boy who made fun of it.
Then the Elder of the Chinese brothers felt that the sea went up into him and made desperate gestures to remind the little boy.
But the little boy made him grimaces and fled even further.
The Elder of the Chinese brothers held the sea for so long that he thought he would burst.
But suddenly the sea overflowed with his mouth, returned to his place... and the little boy disappeared.
