Peter lived poorly in an old house with his father, mother, five brothers and five sisters.
In this house, there was a small kitchen with an old stove that was smoking and old pots that were cabossed. That's where Peter was most often, because he loved cooking.
He knew how to prepare good dishes with simple things: he could turn potatoes into cakes, pears into syrup, carrots into pink mashed potatoes!
With Pierre, every meal became a party.
One year, the winter was long, Peter could only put old bread crumbs in his pans. His whole family was hungry.
One morning, Peter said to his father:
I'm gonna go get some work in town, and with the money I'm gonna make, I'm gonna buy some food.
On that day, a king's messenger arrived in the village.
He hits a drum and says:
The King, His Most Gourmet Majesty, wants to change his cook. Whoever makes the most wonderful of the dishes will become Chef of the King's Cuisines.
When Peter's father heard this, he exclaimed:
Take off your apron, leave your pans and make the king taste a recipe you have the secret of.
Pierre replied with a smile:
- Alas, you don't become king's cook by making him eat hard bread!
But Pierre's mother continues:
Come on, little cook, you know how to make dessert with little. I'm sure you can win this challenge!
Then Peter leaves. He wonders what recipe he will prepare for the king, for he has nothing in his hands or in his pockets.
But as he smells spring, he starts singing:
- I don't have anything for my king, no sugar or chocolate, not even a pea!
Peter comes in front of a farm. An old man comes to him shouting:
Help, my cow fell into the pond!
The poor cow tries to get out of the water, but as soon as she approaches the edge of the pond, she slips into the mud and slips! She falls back. Pierre takes a solid rope.
He attaches this rope to the cow's horns and pulls with all his strength.
Oh, come on, the cow comes out of both front legs, one more effort!
Oh, well, the cow comes out of the pond, she's saved!
The old man is happy. He thanks Peter, and gives him a jar of fresh milk.
