Standing in front of the wolf's cage, the boy doesn't move.
The wolf goes and comes. It walks long and wide and never stops.
"He's pissed off, this one... " thinks the wolf.
Since 2 hours the boy has been standing in front of this grill, motionless, watching the wolf walk.
"What does he want from me?" the wolf wondered.
That boy's surprised.
The boy doesn't worry him (the wolf is afraid of nothing), he surprises him. "What does he want me?"
The other children run, jump, scream, cry. They pull the wolf's tongue and hide their heads in their mothers' skirts.
Then they'll make the clowns in front of the gorilla's cage, roaring at the lion's nose, snooping with his tail.
That boy, no.
He remains standing, still, silent. Only his eyes move. They follow the wolf's way in and out, along the grill. "Never saw a wolf or what?"
The wolf, on the other hand, only sees the boy once in two because the wolf has only one eye.
He lost the other in his battle against men 10 years ago, the day he was captured.
So to go (if you can call it the go), the wolf sees the whole zoo, its cages, the children who do the crazy and, in the midst of them, that boy, quite still.
When we return (if we can call it the return), it is the inside of the cage that the wolf sees.
His cage was empty because the moat died last week.
Its sad cage, with its only grey rock and its dead tree.
Then the wolf turns around, and here again this boy, with his regular breathing, makes white steam in the cold air.
" He will get tired before me, " the wolf thinks, continuing to walk.
And he adds, "I'm more patient than he is."
And he adds, "I am the wolf."
But the next morning, when the wolf wakes up, the first thing the wolf sees is this boy standing in front of his cage, there, always in the same place.
The wolf almost jumped.
"He didn't spend the night here, anyway!"
The wolf checked himself in time, and he took his way back as if nothing was happening.
The wolf has been working for an hour now.
An hour before the boy's eyes follow him.
