In the kitchen with its black beams, we could only hear the tick of the clock.
Ludovic watched Uncle Alexander prepare his chopsticks with great envy.
The uncle had said to him, raising his grey moustaches:
- Tomorrow, I'm going to the village to find a well and, if you want, I'll take you!
Uncle Alexander was a sorcerer, he had the gift of guessing where the waters were underground.
It was a unique gift, because in this limestone country, the sources were rare.
They went through the woods.
All of a sudden, Uncle Alexander stopped, placed his backpack and pulled a forked bag from it.
- Here, boy, he said by giving it to Ludovic, I know that here a river passes underground.
Find her!
- But I won't know, says Ludovic, with his hands behind his back.
Uncle smiles in his mustache:
- Try it, we'll see if you have the gift.
Ludovic decided, took the forked wand in his hands.
- Not like that, says Uncle; you hold the two small branches above, and the big branch in front of you. Now... now, you move, slowly, gently...
Ludovic advanced, attentive. Suddenly, he felt the wand stir in his hands. He saw the end of the branch shaking.
Look, it's working!
The uncle passed behind him. Brusquely, he put his hands on his upper arms.
Ludovic immediately felt a violent tremor; he felt like a power passing through him. The rod jumped into the air and fell from his hands.
- Oh, here... I was scared!
He looked at the wand on the floor, as he would have looked at a dangerous beast.
The uncle says:
- See, I think you've got a little gift, but we'd have to work on the gift.
They came to the village, to the farm where they were expected.
Uncle Alexander went to work.
Under the attentive gaze of others, he walked long in the field, his rod in front of him.
At some point, she moved.
This way, it's too deep!" he said.
Finally, further away, just near the woods, she was agitated a lot.
The Seeker thought, made strange calculations.
When we dig here, we must be able to find the water at 3.30m or 3.50m.
On the way back, in the sunset, Ludovic put his hand in his uncle's and asked him to teach him to become a Seeker.
Ludovic was happy because finding the water hidden underground seemed to him the most beautiful of the trades.
