In the land of Tango there was once a village called Mizunoé.
In this village lived a fisherman, whose name was Urashima Taro.
He was a virtuous man with a sensitive and good heart who, in his life, had never done or desired harm to anyone.
Taro came back one night from fishing.
As the catch was abundant, he came home satisfied and joyful.
On the shore, he saw a band of little boys, who seemed to take a clever pleasure in tormenting a small turtle, found on the sand.
Taro didn't like the animals being hurt.
He felt sorry for the turtle.
Approaching the children, and striving to give his voice an imperious tone:
"What harm has done to you," he said, "this innocent creature, to torment her in this way? Do you not know that the gods punish the children who mistreat the animals?"
"Think of what is your business," replied the oldest member of the troupe. "This turtle belongs to no one. We are free to kill her if it pleases us. You have nothing to do with it.
The fisherman understands that no reasoning will have any hold on these hearts without mercy. He changes tactics and, in a more softened tone:
- Come on, don't get mad, my children! I didn't mean to scold you. I wanted to offer you a deal. Do you want to sell me this turtle? I'll give you twenty bucks.
Twenty bucks!
It's a fortune for those marmots.
They accept without hesitation; Taro gives them two small white pieces; immediately they run to the village to buy cakes.
Remained alone with the turtle, which he is aware of having torn from a certain death, the brave fisherman lifts it in his hands, and he says, caressing it:
"Poor little animal! The proverb gives you ten thousand years of existence, while it grants only a thousand to the stork. What would you have become in me? I think your ten thousand years would have been greatly shortened! For they were going to kill you, these vaurians!... Come on, I will give you liberty. But in the future, be careful, and above all never fall back into the hands of the children.
