At the time, the devils, young or old, used to come and spend their time among men to have fun.
One day, a little devil (he could not yet read or write) met, in order to bore him, a poor peasant who worked his land.
"What are you doing here, peasant?"
"As you can see, I plow my field...
"I see," replied the devil. "Unfortunately, this field is not yours!"
In the past, the young devil continued, all this land was given to the devils.
However, I do not want to work the land and I agree to leave you the field.
But on one condition: we will share the harvest.
"I will," replied the plowman, a little worried.
"We will make two lots: one, which will grow in the earth, and the other, which will grow on it. The choice belongs to me," said the devil, "for I am noble and you are only a peasant. I choose what will be on the ground, you will have the upper hand. When will the gathering be?
"In mid-July," replied the peasant.
"In the meantime," said the devil, "work, peasant, work: it's your job!
In mid-July, the devil, followed by a band of small diablotins, found himself in front of a beautiful field of wheat.
Immediately the peasant began to reap and bind beautiful sheaves. The devils, on the other hand, took the roots away from them.
On the day of the market, the peasant sold his wheat and straw very well. Meanwhile the devils did not draw a penny from their harvest.
"You have deceived me," cried the devil. "But next year it will not be the same." What do you intend to sow?
"I think I'm sowing raves," said the peasant.
"Okay," decided the devil, "sow your raves." This year, I take what will be on earth, you will have the underside. In the meantime, work, peasant, work: it is your job!
Soon came the time of harvest.
The little devil and his diablotins began to cut the leaves.
Meanwhile, the peasant piled the beautiful raves in big piles.
At the market, the peasant easily sold his raves. The devil, on the other hand, collected nothing but ridicule for his faded leaves.
He was so upset that he was not seen again in the country.
